docs/topics/get-logs.md, before:

# Retrieving Node and Cluster Logs

## Prerequisites

All documentation in these guides assumes you have already downloaded both the Azure CLI and `aks-engine-azurestack`. Follow the [quickstart guide](../tutorials/quickstart.md) before continuing.

This guide assumes you already have deployed a cluster using `aks-engine-azurestack`. For more details on how to do that see [deploy](../tutorials/quickstart.md#deploy).

## Retrieving Logs

The `aks-engine-azurestack get-logs` command can be useful to troubleshoot issues with your cluster. It will produce, collect and download to your workstation a set of files that include node configuration, cluster state and configuration, and provision log files.

At a high level, it works by establishing a SSH session into each node, executing a [log collection](#log-collection-scripts) script that collects and zips relevant files, and downloading the zip file to your local computer.

### SSH Authentication

A valid SSH private key is always required to stablish a SSH session to the cluster Linux nodes. Windows credentials are stored in the API model and will be loaded from there. Make sure `windowsprofile.sshEnabled` is set to `true` to enable SSH in your Windows nodes.

### Log Collection Scripts

To collect Linux nodes logs, specify the path to the script-to-execute on each node by setting [parameter](#Parameters) `--linux-script` if the node distro is not `aks-ubuntu-18.04`. A sample script can be found [here](/scripts/collect-logs.sh).

To collect Windows nodes logs, specify the path to the script-to-execute on each node by setting [parameter](#Parameters) `--windows-script` if the node distro is not `aks-windows`. A sample script can be found [here](/scripts/collect-windows-logs.ps1).

If you choose to pass your own custom log collection script, make sure it zips all relevant files to file `"/tmp/logs.zip"` for Linux and `"%TEMP%\{NodeName}.zip"` for Windows. Needless to say, the custom script should only query for troubleshooting information and it should not change the cluster or node configuration.

### Upload logs to a Storage Account Container

Once the cluster logs were successfully retrieved, AKS Engine can persist them to an Azure Storage Account container if optional parameter `--storage-container-sas-url` is set. AKS Engine expects the container name to be part of the provided [SAS URL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview). The expected format is `https://{blob-service-uri}/{container-name}?{sas-token}`.

*Note: storage accounts on custom clouds using the `AD FS` identity provider are not yet supported*

### Nodes unable to join the cluster

By default, `aks-engine-azurestack get-logs` collects logs from nodes that succesfully joined the cluster. To collect logs from VMs that were not able to join the cluster, set flag `--vm-names`:

```console
--vm-name k8s-pool-01,k8s-pool-02
```

## Usage

Assuming that you have a cluster deployed and the API model originally used to deploy that cluster is stored at `_output/<dnsPrefix>/apimodel.json`, then you can collect logs running a command like:

```console
$ aks-engine-azurestack get-logs \
    --location <location> \
    --api-model _output/<dnsPrefix>/apimodel.json \
    --ssh-host <dnsPrefix>.<location>.cloudapp.azure.com \
    --linux-ssh-private-key ~/.ssh/id_rsa \
    --linux-script scripts/collect-logs.sh \
    --windows-script scripts/collect-windows-logs.ps1
```

### Parameters

|Parameter|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|
|--location|yes|Azure location of the cluster's resource group.|
|--api-model|yes|Path to the generated API model for the cluster.|
|--ssh-host|yes|FQDN, or IP address, of an SSH listener that can reach all nodes in the cluster.|
|--linux-ssh-private-key|yes|Path to a SSH private key that can be use to create a remote session on the cluster Linux nodes.|
|--linux-script|no|Custom log collection bash script. Required only when the Linux node distro is not `aks-ubuntu-18.04`. The script should produce file `/tmp/logs.zip`.|
|--windows-script|no|Custom log collection powershell script. Required only when the Windows node distro is not `aks-windows`. The script should produce file `%TEMP%\{NodeName}.zip`.|
|--output-directory|no|Output directory, derived from `--api-model` if missing.|
|--control-plane-only|no|Only collect logs from master nodes.|
|--vm-names|no|Only collect logs from the specified VMs (comma-separated names).|
|--upload-sas-url|no|Azure Storage Account SAS URL to upload the collected logs.|

Commit message:

security: use of insecure HostKeyCallback implementation (#149)

docs/topics/get-logs.md, after:

# Retrieving Node and Cluster Logs

## Prerequisites

All documentation in these guides assumes you have already downloaded both the Azure CLI and `aks-engine-azurestack`. Follow the [quickstart guide](../tutorials/quickstart.md) before continuing.

This guide assumes you already have deployed a cluster using `aks-engine-azurestack`. For more details on how to do that see [deploy](../tutorials/quickstart.md#deploy).

## Retrieving Logs

The `aks-engine-azurestack get-logs` command can be useful to troubleshoot issues with your cluster. It will produce, collect and download to your workstation a set of files that include node configuration, cluster state and configuration, and provision log files.

At a high level, it works by establishing a SSH session into each node, executing a [log collection](#log-collection-scripts) script that collects and zips relevant files, and downloading the zip file to your local computer.

### SSH Authentication

A valid SSH private key is always required to establish a SSH session to the cluster Linux nodes. Windows credentials are stored in the API model and will be loaded from there. Make sure `windowsprofile.sshEnabled` is set to `true` to enable SSH in your Windows nodes.

### SSH StrictHostKeyChecking

The SSH option `StrictHostKeyChecking` is a security feature that affects how SSH verifies the identity of a remote computer when connecting to it.
SSH automatically checks and persists in local file `~/.ssh/known_hosts` the identity of all the hosts that have ever been used in host key checks.

When this option is enabled, the SSH client will automatically reject any key from the server that does not match the one stored in its `known_hosts` file.
This helps protect against man-in-the-middle attacks, where an attacker may attempt to impersonate the server by providing a different hostkey.

Starting with AKS Engine v0.77.0, `StrictHostKeyChecking` will be enforced during the execution of the `aks-engine-azurestack get-logs` command.
Hence, new entries will be appended to the local `known_hosts` file if no SSH sessions to the remove host were established in the past.

### Log Collection Scripts

To collect Linux nodes logs, specify the path to the script-to-execute on each node by setting [parameter](#Parameters) `--linux-script` if the node distro is not `aks-ubuntu-18.04`. A sample script can be found [here](/scripts/collect-logs.sh).

To collect Windows nodes logs, specify the path to the script-to-execute on each node by setting [parameter](#Parameters) `--windows-script` if the node distro is not `aks-windows`. A sample script can be found [here](/scripts/collect-windows-logs.ps1).

If you choose to pass your own custom log collection script, make sure it zips all relevant files to file `"/tmp/logs.zip"` for Linux and `"%TEMP%\{NodeName}.zip"` for Windows. Needless to say, the custom script should only query for troubleshooting information and it should not change the cluster or node configuration.

### Upload logs to a Storage Account Container

Once the cluster logs were successfully retrieved, AKS Engine can persist them to an Azure Storage Account container if optional parameter `--storage-container-sas-url` is set. AKS Engine expects the container name to be part of the provided [SAS URL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview). The expected format is `https://{blob-service-uri}/{container-name}?{sas-token}`.

*Note: storage accounts on custom clouds using the `AD FS` identity provider are not yet supported*

### Nodes unable to join the cluster

By default, `aks-engine-azurestack get-logs` collects logs from nodes that succesfully joined the cluster. To collect logs from VMs that were not able to join the cluster, set flag `--vm-names`:

```console
--vm-name k8s-pool-01,k8s-pool-02
```

## Usage

Assuming that you have a cluster deployed and the API model originally used to deploy that cluster is stored at `_output/<dnsPrefix>/apimodel.json`, then you can collect logs running a command like:

```console
$ aks-engine-azurestack get-logs \
    --location <location> \
    --api-model _output/<dnsPrefix>/apimodel.json \
    --ssh-host <dnsPrefix>.<location>.cloudapp.azure.com \
    --linux-ssh-private-key ~/.ssh/id_rsa \
    --linux-script scripts/collect-logs.sh \
    --windows-script scripts/collect-windows-logs.ps1
```

### Parameters

|Parameter|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|
|--location|yes|Azure location of the cluster's resource group.|
|--api-model|yes|Path to the generated API model for the cluster.|
|--ssh-host|yes|FQDN, or IP address, of an SSH listener that can reach all nodes in the cluster.|
|--linux-ssh-private-key|yes|Path to a SSH private key that can be use to create a remote session on the cluster Linux nodes.|
|--linux-script|no|Custom log collection bash script. Required only when the Linux node distro is not `aks-ubuntu-18.04`. The script should produce file `/tmp/logs.zip`.|
|--windows-script|no|Custom log collection powershell script. Required only when the Windows node distro is not `aks-windows`. The script should produce file `%TEMP%\{NodeName}.zip`.|
|--output-directory|no|Output directory, derived from `--api-model` if missing.|
|--control-plane-only|no|Only collect logs from master nodes.|
|--vm-names|no|Only collect logs from the specified VMs (comma-separated names).|
|--upload-sas-url|no|Azure Storage Account SAS URL to upload the collected logs.|
