docs/faq.md, before:

# AKS Engine FAQ

This page provides help with the most common questions about AKS Engine.

### Is AKS Engine currently maintained?

See the [AKS Engine project status][project-status] for updates on the maintenance of AKS Engine.

### What's the Difference Between AKS and AKS Engine?

Azure Kubernetes Service ([AKS][]) is a Microsoft Azure service that supports fully managed Kubernetes clusters. [AKS Engine][] is an Azure open source project that allows you to create your own Kubernetes clusters with lots of user-configurable options, but with no official Azure support.

AKS clusters can be created in the Azure portal or with `az aks create` in the [Azure command-line tool][]. AKS Engine clusters can be created with `aks-engine-azurestack deploy` (`aks-engine-azurestack` is the AKS Engine command-line tool), or by generating ARM templates with `aks-engine-azurestack generate` and deploying them as a separate step using the `az` command-line tool (e.g., `az group deployement create`).

### Can I Build an AKS Cluster with `aks-engine-azurestack`?

No, the `aks-engine-azurestack` command line tool will not create an AKS cluster. To learn about AKS, you can [read the official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/).

### What's the Difference Between `acs-engine` and `aks-engine-azurestack`?

AKS Engine is the next version of the ACS-Engine project. AKS Engine supports current and future versions of [Kubernetes][], while ACS-Engine also supported the Docker Swarm and Mesos DC/OS container orchestrators.

### Can I Scale or Upgrade an `acs-engine`-created Kubernetes Cluster with `aks-engine-azurestack`?

Yes.

### Is ACS-Engine Still Active?

No further development or releases in ACS-Engine are planned. AKS Engine is a backward-compatible continuation of ACS-Engine, so all fixes and new features will target AKS Engine.

### Should I use the latest `aks-engine-azurestack` release if I was previously using `acs-engine`?

Yes. `aks-engine-azurestack` released [v0.27.0][] as a continuation of the ACS-Engine project ([v0.26.2][] was the final `acs-engine` release) with all the Kubernetes fixes and features included in [v0.26.2][] and more.


[AKS]: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/
[AKS Engine]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine-azurestack
[Azure command-line tool]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest
[Kubernetes]: https://kubernetes.io/
[v0.27.0]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine-azurestack/releases/tag/v0.27.0
[v0.26.2]: https://github.com/Azure/acs-engine/releases/tag/v0.26.2
[project-status]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine-azurestack/#project-status

Commit message:

docs: remove Azure as a target cloud (#43)

docs/faq.md, after:

# AKS Engine FAQ

This page provides help with the most common questions about AKS Engine.

## Is AKS Engine Currently Maintained?

This project is stable, meaning the pace of new features is intentionally low. New releases are expected to include support for the latest security updates and Kubernetes versions.
AKS Engine is maintained by teams who depend on it including [AKS Engine on Azure Stack Hub](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/user/azure-stack-kubernetes-aks-engine-overview) and is intended for exclusive use on Azure Stack Hub.

## What's the Difference Between AKS and AKS Engine?

Azure Kubernetes Service ([AKS][]) is a Microsoft Azure service that supports fully managed Kubernetes clusters. [AKS Engine][], now only available for use on Azure Stack Hub, is an Azure open source project that allows you to create your own self-managed Kubernetes clusters with lots of user-configurable options.

## What's the Difference Between `Azure/aks-engine` and `Azure/aks-engine-azurestack`?

The deprecated [Azure/aks-engine] project supports ARM-based clouds such as Azure and Azure Stack Hub.

While Azure users are encouraged to migrate to [Cluster API Provider Azure](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure) to provision sself-managed Kubernetes on Azure, the [Azure/aks-engine-azurestack] project is the path forward for Azure Stack Hub users.

Other than the fact that the deliverable included on each `Azure/aks-engine-azurestack` release will be named `aks-engine-azurestack` (instead of `aks-engine`), the user experience for Azure Stack Hub users remains the same.

[AKS]: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/
[AKS Engine]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine-azurestack
[Azure command-line tool]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest
[Azure/aks-engine]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine
[Azure/aks-engine-azurestack]: https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine-azurestack
